How to Build Empyrean using SCons and Cygwin

--

First, you need cygwin <http://www.cygwin.com/>.  Make sure you have
the following packages: gcc, python, libpng, jpeg, and freetype (may
come with X11).  You may need to go back later and add other packages
as you find you need them.  Just run the installer again and select
new packages.  (In fact, I like to keep a cygwin-setup directory on my
C: drive that has the installer and packages I have already
downloaded.)

Then, get SCons <http://www.scons.org/>.  Installation is pretty
straightforward:  untar, then run 'python setup.py install'

Get the SDL 1.2 source code <http://www.libsdl.org/>.  Untar it into
/usr/src and do the standard "./configure && make && make install"
dance.

Now you need NSPR.  This one is kind of tricky because it does not
build or install in Cygwin the same way most libraries do.  First, get
the following zip file:
ftp://ftp.mozilla.org/pub/nspr/releases/v4.2.2/WIN954.0_OPT.OBJ/nspr-4.2.2.zip
Make a third-party directory inside of the empyrean module, and move
the nspr 'include' and 'lib' directories into 'third-party'.

Our next dependency (isn't this fun??) is gmtl.  Go to ggt.sf.net and
download the latest gmtl version.  "./configure && make && make install"

Next is Cal3D.  http://cal3d.sf.net/ "./configure && make && make
install" If the make step fails, you may need to start over, remove
$(all_libraries) from src/cal3d/Makefile.am, and run the following
commands before you build:

  - aclocal
  - libtoolize --force --copy
  - automake --foreign --add-missing --copy
  - autoconf

Next, you need Corona (<http://corona.sf.net/>) and Audiere
(<http://audiere.sf.net/>).  Download the Win32 binary releases and
put the libraries and include files into the third-party directory,
just like NSPR.  (NOTE: Right now, you don't need Audiere.  But you
definitely will eventually.)

FINALLY, you can cd back into the empyrean module, run SCons, and
watch as all of the executables are compiled into the 'build' directory.


--

Now that you have Empyrean built, you need to get the latest resources
for the game.  Run the get-resources.sh script in the empyrean
module and it will download the latest resources and install them into
the correct places in your tree.
